Fix Multiple Notes on SSH Keys page (#214)
hashicorp/terraform-docs-common: website/docs/cloud-docs/workspaces/settings/ssh-keys.mdx

-> **API:** See the [SSH Keys API](/cloud-docs/api-docs/ssh-keys) and [Assign an SSH Key to a Workspace endpoint](/cloud-docs/api-docs/workspaces#assign-an-ssh-key-to-a-workspace). <br/>
**Terraform:** See the `tfe` provider's [`tfe_ssh_key`](https://registry.terraform.io/providers/hashicorp/tfe/latest/docs/resources/ssh_key) resource.

## Adding Keys

To add a key:

1. Go to your organization's settings and choose **SSH Keys**. This page has a form for adding new keys and a list of existing keys.
1. Obtain a PEM formatted SSH keypair that Terraform Cloud can use to download modules during a Terraform run. You might already have an appropriate key; if not, create one on a secure workstation and distribute the public key to your VCS provider(s). Do not use or generate a key that has a passphrase. Git is running non-interactively and cannot prompt for it.

>    The exact command to create a PEM formatted SSH keypair depends on your operating system, but is usually something like `ssh-keygen -t rsa -m PEM -f "/Users/<NAME>/.ssh/service_terraform" -C "service_terraform_enterprise"`. This creates a `service_terraform` file with the private key, and a `service_terraform.pub` file with the public key.

Author: ```suggestion
   The exact command to create a PEM formatted SSH keypair depends on your operating system. The following example command creates a `service_terraform` file with the private key, and a `service_terraform.pub` file with the public key.
   ```bash
   ssh-keygen -t rsa -m PEM -f "/Users/<NAME>/.ssh/service_terraform" -C "service_terraform_enterprise"
   ```
```

1. Enter a name for the key in the **Name** field. Choose something identifiable. Keys are only listed by name. Terraform Cloud retains the text of each private key, but never displays it for any purpose.
1. Paste the text of the private key in the **Private SSH Key** field.
1. Click **Add Private SSH Key**.

The new key appears in the list of keys on the page. 

> If you upload an invalid ssh key, you should upload the correct ssh key and push a new commit for the new key to take effect.

Author: ```suggestion
If you upload an invalid SSH key, upload the correct key and push a new commit for the new key to take effect.
```

-> **API:** See the [SSH Keys API](/cloud-docs/api-docs/ssh-keys) and [Assign an SSH Key to a Workspace endpoint](/cloud-docs/api-docs/workspaces#assign-an-ssh-key-to-a-workspace). <br/>
**Terraform:** See the `tfe` provider's [`tfe_ssh_key`](https://registry.terraform.io/providers/hashicorp/tfe/latest/docs/resources/ssh_key) resource.

## Adding Keys

To add a key:

1. Go to your organization's settings and choose **SSH Keys**. This page has a form for adding new keys and a list of existing keys.

> 1. Obtain a PEM formatted SSH keypair that Terraform Cloud can use to download modules during a Terraform run. You might already have an appropriate key; if not, create one on a secure workstation and distribute the public key to your VCS provider(s). Do not use or generate a key that has a passphrase. Git is running non-interactively and cannot prompt for it.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. Obtain a PEM formatted SSH keypair that Terraform Cloud can use to download modules during a Terraform run. You might already have an appropriate key. If not, create one on a secure workstation and distribute the public key to your VCS provider(s). Do not use or generate a key that has a passphrase. Git is running non-interactively and cannot prompt for it.
```

Suggestion to remove semicolon and replace with a period and new sentence.

>    The exact command to create a PEM formatted SSH keypair depends on your operating system. The following example command creates a `service_terraform` file with the private key, and a `service_terraform.pub` file with the public key.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   The exact command to create a PEM formatted SSH keypair depends on your operating system. The following example command creates a `service_terraform` file with the private key and a `service_terraform.pub` file with the public key.
```

Unnecessary comma

>    The exact command to create a PEM formatted SSH keypair depends on your operating system. The following example command creates a `service_terraform` file with the private key, and a `service_terraform.pub` file with the public key.
>    ```bash
>    ssh-keygen -t rsa -m PEM -f "/Users/<NAME>/.ssh/service_terraform" -C "service_terraform_enterprise"

Author: ```suggestion
   The exact command to create a PEM formatted SSH keypair depends on your operating system. The following example command creates a `service_terraform` file with the private key, and a `service_terraform.pub` file with the public key.
   ```bash
   ssh-keygen -t rsa -m PEM -f "/Users/<NAME>/.ssh/service_terraform" -C "service_terraform_enterprise"
   ```
```
